lines result in decomposition dinosaur skin
no dec.
in other
volanic ash 
show functional skin are preserved
fiber
dinosaur is preserved, feathers

frails chemical feather frail
feather: protein beta-keratin
dinosaur did contain

feather flight thermal regulation
peacock orange and white feather
long colorful
display function attract mate
fact: structures are colorful supports display function

In the lecture, the professor made several points about the lines in the Sinosauropteryx fossil surely represents feathers, while the reading states that critics opposed that Sinosauropteryx is a feathered dinosaur. 
The first point that the professor used to cast doubt on the reading is that the lines can't be a result of decomposition of skin, because there is no similar phenomenon discovered in other animal fossils. According to the professor, many animal fossils buried at the same place showed perfectly preserved skin structures in volcanic ash, so that the lines are not fibers as a product of decomposition of skin, but possibly feathers instead. However, the reading notes that the lines were formed after the animal's death. 
The second point that the professor challenged the reading is that the lines can't represent frills as there is a chemical difference in frills and feathers. Feathers contain protein and beta-keratin while frills do not. Beta-keratin and protein are found in the structure, so this indicates that the structure is feathers, not frills. On the contrary, the reading contends that  any dinosaurs had frills, and the lines surrounding the skeleton are much more likely to be fossilized remains of frills than feathers.
Finally, the professor argued that feathers can also have display functions. In other words, just like peacocks show their feathers to attract mates, Sinosauropteryx can also have orange and white feathers for display functions. This contradicts the point in the reading that the usual functions of feather is to fly and do thermoregulation. 
In short, the points asserted by the professor are different from what the reading says.


I support that schools should focus on developing student's non-fiction comprehension ability.
First, the frequency of encountering non-fiction texts are much higher than fictional texts. Daily newspaper, research papers and online articles are all non-fiction texts. It has been a crucial skill to understand these texts accurately and efficiently. By having this ability, students can fetch information online readily in the current era of technology and innovation. For example, they can keep up to date with current technologies like artificial intelligence by reading news, enabling them to fully utilize resources to be successful. However, it could not be possible if the school is promoting fiction texts instead of practical texts.

I think older students grouping together can have better effect in discussions and learning activities
To start with, older students understand the purpose of discussion is to benefit all of them by sharing ideas and collaboration on learning, while younger students may not have that high standard of self-control to remain focused on the discussion, where they waste time playing. In sample, I was confused when I was putted in a group of unfamiliar peers, and was asked to share my thoughts, although I have no thoughts at all. In contrast, now I can collaborate with unknown schoolmates on an activity, working together effectively to achieve our common goals.