tpo33

1. arrow  hand axes
2. science aware
3. if -> sign of that use
4. should be pieces of broken off
5. well preserved, not damaged

6. uniform size, not uniform weight
7. different stone: sand, green, quartz
8. two ball different weight, 

9. inconsistant: patterns
10. extremely simple, not staic symbols
11. high ranking person died: barried with tombs and graces
12. while ball not foun in
13. 
The passage made several points about the usage of the carved stone balls, while the lecture states that none of the theories in the passage are convincing. 
The first point that the professor used to cast doubt on the reading is that there should be sign of wear if it is being used as a weapon, like arrow and hand axes, that means many of the stone balls would be cracked or have pieces of broken off. According to the professor, however, the surface of the balls are generally well-preserved. Conversely, The reading notes that many stone balls have grooves on the surface with holes in them. It's possible to swing it around or throw it. 
The second point that the professor challenged the reading is that although they are in the same size, the balls are made of various types of material, including sandstone, green stone, and quartz, which leads to different weight. So it is not possible to be used as a primitive weighting system. On the contrary, the reading contends that they are nearly uniform at 70mm diameter, so they could have been used to measure quantity of grain or other food. 
Finally, the professor argued that there is no craved stone ball found in tombs and graces of high-ranking people. On other words, it is not personal possessions marking a person's status, because in Neolithic Britain, people are buried with their possessions. Also, many ball stones have markings that are too simple to be viewed as status symbols. This contradicts the point in the reading that many stone balls have elaborate design, serving a social purpose to mark the important social status of its owner. 


I agree that though the importance of soft skills is undeniable, integrating them into regular classes is not practical.
First, teachers are responsible for academic performance of students, but not their soft skills. They are not trained to be consolers. It is the students' families and community who are responsible for instilling value like work ethic, respect, and empathy. In addition, grading such personal attributes leads to unconscious bias, where a teacher's personal feelings about a student's personality could unfairly influence their grade. In practice, grading "communication" could unfairly decrease the mark for introverted students, as their scores would reflect personality rather than actual ability. They may be unwilling to communicate but not lacking skills to communicate.

