
rare but are thousand shirmpers, catch thousands turtles every year, operating in Southern Coast of United States
already small -> big problem
TED -> sea turtle infected by inductry

only a thery
time limit impossible to enforce
patrol boats cant monitor
TED -> easier to enforce
check the shrimpers with TEDs

not a problem to create larger ted


 The reading and the lecture are both about the turtle excluder device(TED). The author of the reading thinks TEDs are not practical to use. However, the lecturer casts doubt on the claims made in the article.  He/she believes that TED is a very good way to protect endangered turtles, and should be a vital part of any shrimp boat. 
Firstly, the author suggests that turtles are rarely trapped. It’s mentioned that there is only one turtle caught every month per shrimp boat. Thus the cost of losing shrimps overlap the potential protection for sea turtles. The lecturer challenges this opinion. He/she claims that there is thousands of shrimp boats at the South Coast of United States. They will capture thousands of endangered turtles per year, which cause great destruction to the species. Additionally, he/she believes that we should consider the impact of TEDs by the shrimp industry affecting turtle population, instead of single shrimper losing a few shrimps. 
 Secondly, the writer points out that there is more effective alternative methods of protecting turtles.  The article notes that limiting the time that shrimp boats keep their nets under water can be helpful as this gives chances for turtles to breath and also for shrimpers to pick them out. However, the lecturer rebuts this claim by saying that it is almost impossible to regulate the time shrimpers putting their nets down the water, since there is thousands of shrimp boats while governmental patrol boats are limited. He/she suggests that use of TED can be easily enforced by installing them to the nets before they leave the port. 
 Lastly, it is stated in the article that TEDs are not effective for turtles like loggerhead and leatherback turtles. The author mentions that they are too large to escape from a standard TED. On the other hand, the lecturer argues that TED can be modified to suit larger turtles. Furthermore, he/she explains that this is because the design can be simply edited without impacting its functionality.

