The reading and the lecture are both about the measures against a microscopic fungus called Phytophthora ramorum (P. ramorum) which has caused particularly serious threats to Oak trees in the western United States.  
The author of the reading suggests several methods—such as preventing spore spread, applying fungicidal chemicals, and clear-cutting—can effectively protect the forests.  
However, the lecturer casts doubt on the claims made in the article, as she believes these approaches are largely ineffective or impractical.  
She believes that each method has significant limitations that reduce its overall usefulness.

Firstly, the writer points out that stopping P. ramorum spores from spreading, like washing shoes and installing new bike scrubbers, is an effective method, because spores are found along hiking or biking trails, which indicates human-assisted spread is a major way of infection happens. 
However, the lecturer challenges this claim by saying that spores can also be picked up by rainwater and travel far when washed into water streams.
She suggests that this type of water-assisted spread is hard to control


Secondly, The author claims that small-scale trials have verified some fungicidal chemicals can significantly reduce the chance of infection.
The lecturer challenges this opinion, by stating that although the chemical may work in city parks, injecting chemicals into thousands of tree trunks in forests is unrealistic.
She claims that the injection must be repeated as the effect only last for few months.
Therefore, she believes this method is both impractical and expensive for protecting entire forests.

Lastly, it is stated in the article that clear-cutting vegetation around infected oaks can help stop the disease from spreading, since some nearby plants may carry the fungus without showing symptoms.  
The author mentions that removing both diseased and seemingly healthy vegetation is often an efficient way to control infections.  
On the other hand, the lecturer argues that this method causes unnecessary harm, especially in forests with rare tree species.  
Furthermore, she explains that this is because many healthy and ecologically valuable trees would be destroyed, resulting in greater environmental damage than that caused by P. ramorum itself


spores do not spread just by human ass
frequently picked up bu rain water
water ass spread hard to control

only when injected directly to trunks
injection repeated
might work in city parks
not in forest 
impractical, expensive

healty oak trees destroyed damanged
include rare species 
greater ecological damage than


While the public health concerns regarding demerit goods consumption are valid, imposing a tax is not the best solution. This tax is a regressive tax, placing a disproportionate financial burden on lower-income households, who spend a larger proportion of their income on food, especially junk foods and drinks, leading to more uneven distribution of income. Furthermore, it distorts the free market and can lead to unintended consequences, such as reduced revenue for retailers and suppliers without addressing the root causes of unhealthy diets, like a lack of education or access to affordable alternatives. 