The reading and the lecture are both about the mass-extinction event that occurred at the end of the Triassic period. The author of the reading believes that three possible theories—declining sea levels, global climate cooling, and an asteroid strike—could explain this event. However, the lecturer casts doubt on the claims made in the article. She believes that none of these theories offers a good explanation for the mass extinctions.

Firstly, the author suggests that falling sea levels destroyed coastal and shallow-ocean habitats, which had a profound effect on global food chains. The lecturer challenges this opinion. She claims that the fall in sea level was actually quite gradual, taking place over several million years. Additionally, she believes that coastal ecosystems are capable of adapting to gradual changes and that the change would need to be much more sudden to cause a widespread negative impact.

Secondly, the writer points out that massive volcanic activity released sulfur dioxide, which led to global cooling that could have devastated many species. However, the lecturer counters this claim by saying that sulfur dioxide only lowers global temperatures during the short period it remains in the atmosphere. She suggests that the excess SO2 is usually cleared out in a few years by combining with water and falling as rain. She also notes that it is therefore unlikely the SO2 stayed in the atmosphere long enough to cause mass extinctions.

Lastly, it is stated in the article that an asteroid strike could have blocked sunlight long enough for plants to die and animals to starve. On the other hand, the lecturer argues that very few scientists support the asteroid theory. Furthermore, she explains that this is because we have not found an asteroid crater dated to the time of the extinction; the only crater found is from twelve million years before the event, which is too long before to be related.

I strongly agree that identifying a secure career path was easier in the past. Previously, industrial and manufacturing economies created a clear route for success. A single profession, often learned through an university degree, could guarantee lifelong employment and a stable promotion. For example, an individual could train as an engineer, join a major manufacturing company after graduation, and ensured to work there until retirement, with a predictable and upward career trajectory. Today's dynamic, technology-driven global economy makes such long-term predictability in any single field nearly impossible.