**Title:**  
Tourism, acting as a basic part of economics in many countries, is actually ruining local people’s _lives_ and local environments slowly. Also, tourists have become the killer of local culture and wildlife. But why is that so? Here is the answer.

1. **Environmental damage:**  
    Many people will argue that it’s tourists funding the protection of local environments. However, their money didn’t go to the right place. Instead, businesses found the place profitable, and they rushed into the area, causing overdevelopment. _The entire place is decorated with fake models; there are shops everywhere selling foods and drinks at the highest price they can imagine._ The original culture _has disappeared_, replaced by a culture _built on tourists’ expectations._

So, actually, tourism _causes_ multiple types of pollution. The development of a tourism site usually comes with massive water pollution. _Waste from construction_, rubbish produced by tourists, and even _species that do not belong there_ get mixed into the water. Most of _the air pollution comes mainly from cars, with 26 million tons of carbon monoxide_. There are also ships and aircraft _contributing to pollution_. There is no data for traveling buses, but heavy-duty diesel vehicles (most buses fall into this category) _emit_ 1.4 tons of CO₂ _(data from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, 1998)_. _What’s even worse is that_ international air passengers _have increased from 3.7 million (1994) to 3.5 billion (2017) according to the International Civil Aviation Org._ Tourism _accounts for more than half of air travel, significantly contributing to_ air emissions. Pollution _isn’t limited to_ physical pollution; noise pollution has a significant impact on local people’s lives. It _can cause annoyance, stress, sleep loss_, and even _lead to crime_ (according to _a_ research paper). Imagine you are about to sleep, and people are laughing and shouting outside.

2. **Visual / physical damage:**  
    Littering is always a big problem for mass tourism. About 700 tons of waste is thrown into the sea by cruise ships in the Caribbean. It _damages_ the appearance of _waterways and coastlines_, leading to the death of marine animals. Who wants to go to a place with rubbish _everywhere_ and dead birds falling? Aesthetic damage is also considerable. The new buildings for tourists clash with surrounding _environments;_ for example, the high-rise hotels in Atlantic City along the coast, and modern buildings in Miami and Jerusalem _contribute to architectural and visual pollution_.
    
3. **Ecosystem damage:**  
    Some people ignore the existence of wild animals, thinking that they are unrelated to humans. However, the Earth is a huge ecosystem. What we have done to its wildlife will eventually _have an impact on us_. _Wildlife habitats are being replaced by zoos and parks._ Over 700 acres of wetlands _have been destroyed since 1980 in Jamaica (U.N. Environmental Programme, 1991)._ Some will argue that putting animals in parks can protect them better. But _this can cause a loss of biodiversity._ If you can only see _a specific type of kangaroo in a single zoo_ in Australia, what _does that mean for biodiversity?_ Zoos and parks will limit wildlife’s migratory range as well, and human activities will affect _wildlife,_ such as the turtles disoriented by car lights.
    

---

Although tourism can have so _many negative effects on local people,_ with effective management, it can become a _boon to the economy._ For example, governments can restrict the number of tourists, preventing sites from becoming overcrowded. They can set up laws for businesses to _develop these areas sustainably_. We believe that, with growing awareness of _the convenience of transportation and effective management,_ more people will be able to visit different places, and there is a bright future for tourism.