> [!def]
> those that seek to improve the **long run** productive potential of the economy

Vital to an economy if it is to produce goods and services in the future
- investment in education and training
- labour market reforms
- lower direct taxes
- deregulation
- improving incentives to work and invest
- privatisation
## Advantages
### Increase employment and economic growth
- improving the human capital workforce helps to create jobs
	- with better skills and qualifications there is less occupational unemployment
	- people have greater opportunities
- Firms find it easier to increase production
	- improved infrastructure, such as transport and internet, lower costs
	- A greater poll of skilled worker allow for greater supply
	- small firms become large firms, creating more jobs
	- Lower taxes boost profits and therefore investment.
### Price Stability
- Increased productive capacity leads to an increase in supply
- supply higher -> price lower
### Balance of Payments
- firms produce more at lower cost
- more competitive
- competitive nature -> increase in the quality
- increase in export
## Disadvantages
### Take time to implement
> e.g. transport and communications infrastructure
### Expensive
> put strain in government spending
### Can crowd out the private sector
> private sector lose out on going ahead with their own projects

## Methods

### Improving education and training
> Increase the skills of workers (labour);
#### Advantages
- Workers are more productive ↑output/time;
	- reduce the costs of production;
	- increase the quality of products produced.
This leads to firms being able to sell more and expand (more employment & investment).
Skilled workers are also likely to be occupationally mobile;
Therefore, supply can adjust more quickly to changes in demand.
#### Disadvantages
> May not be in the right areas
- e.g. training taxi drivers when driverless cars are about to be widely used

### Lower direct taxes
- ↓ Income tax → Workers keep more income → ↑ Motivation
- ↓ Corporation tax → Firms retain more profit → ↑ Investment
#### Advantages
- Increases Work Incentives
- Encourages Investment and Enterprise
- Increase Tax Revenue in the Long Run (Laffer Curve Effect)
- Boosts Economic Growth
- Improves International Competitiveness by lower production cost
#### Disadvantages
- The **distribution of income** worsens
- Less **Government Revenue** in short term
- Can widen the gap between big firms and startups.
- Time Lag in Economic Response
- Risk of Underinvestment in Public Goods
- May Increase Inflationary Pressure (Short Term)
- **May Not Always Lead to Higher Investment**
	- If firms expect weak demand or economic uncertainty, they may **save extra profits** rather than invest them.

### Increasing Incentives - Government Spending
> Increase the spending of unemployed/disabled.
- Increased spending increases consumption;
- Aggregate Demand increases;
- More output and employment.
### Improving Infrastructure
> Increase efficiency of transport and reduce costs of production for firms.

Better infrastructure like more roads, railways and bridges:
- Decrease the time to transport goods;
- More goods can be transported;
- Less wastage occurs, e.g., fresh food
### Deregulation

> Aim: Remove barriers to entry.

Reducing the costs of complying with rules and regulations.  
Costs involved for government to regulate industries and occupations are also reduced.  
May increase competition because more firms can enter the market; increased efficiency; lower costs of production & prices.

#### Disadvantages 
Monopolies develop; consumers less protected; certain occupations need to be regulated.

---

### Privatisation

> Aim: Increase competition and efficiency by increasing the role of market forces.

Price mechanism acts as a signal between consumers and producers. Firms have more pressure to respond to changes in consumer demand, providing high quality products at low prices.  
If private sector firms invest more (quantity of capital increases), productive potential/capacity increases.

#### Disadvantages
Monopolies may still develop. Private firms aim for profit maximization; may not consider social costs and benefits; more willing to lay off workers (make them redundant).

---

### Labour Market Reforms

> Aim: Increase efficiency of labour markets (increase the quality, quantity, and flexibility of labour).

Overlaps with previous measures. Increases efficiency — easier for firms to hire & fire employees and adjust supply to changing market conditions.  
Reforming trade unions makes workers more productive: they may not strike, causing less disruptions to production, and are more flexible with tasks and working hours.

#### Disadvantages
Firms may not spend as much on training if workers stay short-term. Firms may have too much power — paying low wages, increasing working hours, leading to lower motivation and productivity.